---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Redshift"
description: |-
  The Redshift provider provides configuration management resources for AWS Redshift.
---

# Redshift Provider

The Redshift provider provides configuration management resources for
[AWS Redshift](https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/).

## Example Usage

### Authentication using fixed password

```terraform
provider "redshift" {
  host     = var.redshift_host
  username = var.redshift_user
  password = var.redshift_password
}
```

### Authentication using temporary credentials

```terraform
provider "redshift" {
  host     = var.redshift_host
  username = var.redshift_user
  temporary_credentials {
    cluster_identifier = "my-cluster"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **database** (String) The name of the database to connect to. The default is `redshift`.
- **host** (String) Name of Redshift server address to connect to.
- **max_connections** (Number) Maximum number of connections to establish to the database. Zero means unlimited.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Password to be used if the Redshift server demands password authentication.
- **port** (Number) The Redshift port number to connect to at the server host.
- **sslmode** (String) This option determines whether or with what priority a secure SSL TCP/IP connection will be negotiated with the Redshift server. Valid values are `require` (default, always SSL, also skip verification), `verify-ca` (always SSL, verify that the certificate presented by the server was signed by a trusted CA), `verify-full` (always SSL, verify that the certification presented by the server was signed by a trusted CA and the server host name matches the one in the certificate), `disable` (no SSL).
- **temporary_credentials** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for obtaining a temporary password using redshift:GetClusterCredentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--temporary_credentials))
- **username** (String) Redshift user name to connect as.

<a id="nestedblock--temporary_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `temporary_credentials`

Required:

- **cluster_identifier** (String) The unique identifier of the cluster that contains the database for which you are requesting credentials. This parameter is case sensitive.

Optional:

- **auto_create_user** (Boolean) Create a database user with the name specified for the user if one does not exist.
- **db_groups** (Set of String) A list of the names of existing database groups that the user will join for the current session, in addition to any group memberships for an existing user. If not specified, a new user is added only to PUBLIC.
- **duration_seconds** (Number) The number of seconds until the returned temporary password expires.

## Proxy Support

If your Redshift cluster is only accessible from within a VPC, you can use the `ALL_PROXY` (`all_proxy`)
and `NO_PROXY` (`no_proxy`) environment variables to configure the provider to access Redshift through
a SOCKS5 proxy

```
ALL_PROXY=socks5[h]://[<socks5-username>:<socks5-password>@]<socks5-hostname>[:<socks5-port>]
NO_PROXY=#....
```

### `ALL_PROXY` URL parameters
* scheme: can be either `socks5` or `socks5h`. The `h` is optional and [does not change the behavior](https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/net/+/3a7c4785:proxy/proxy.go;l=92).
* `socks5-username` - optional username for authenticating to the socks proxy
* `socks5-password` - optional password for authenticating to the socks proxy
* `socks5-hostname` - the socks proxy hostname or IP address
* `socks5-port` - optional port number for the socks proxy. Default port is [1080](https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/net/+/3a7c4785:proxy/proxy.go;l=96)

### `NO_PROXY` Format

`NO_PROXY`/`no_proxy` is an optional environment variable which bypasses `ALL_PROXY`/`all_proxy`
for specific hosts. This is a [comma-separated string, where each value is one of](https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/net/+/3a7c4785:proxy/per_host.go;l=92-96):
* IP address (e.g. `127.0.0.1`)
* CIDR range (e.g. `192.168.0.0/24`)
* zone (e.g. `*.example.com`)
* hostname (e.g. `localhost`)
