---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "redshift_default_privileges Resource - terraform-provider-redshift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines the default set of access privileges to be applied to objects that are created in the future by the specified user. By default, users can change only their own default access privileges. Only a superuser can specify default privileges for other users.
---

# redshift_default_privileges (Resource)

Defines the default set of access privileges to be applied to objects that are created in the future by the specified user. By default, users can change only their own default access privileges. Only a superuser can specify default privileges for other users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "redshift_default_privileges" "group" {
  group       = "analysts"
  owner       = "root"
  object_type = "table"
  privileges  = ["select"]
}

resource "redshift_default_privileges" "user" {
  user        = "john"
  owner       = "root"
  object_type = "table"
  privileges  = ["select", "update", "insert", "delete", "drop", "references"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `object_type` (String) The Redshift object type to set the default privileges on (one of: table).
- `owner` (String) The name of the user for which default privileges are defined. Only a superuser can specify default privileges for other users.
- `privileges` (Set of String) The list of privileges to apply as default privileges. See [ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES command documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_ALTER_DEFAULT_PRIVILEGES.html) to see what privileges are available to which object type.

### Optional

- `group` (String) The name of the  group to which the specified default privileges are applied.
- `schema` (String) If set, the specified default privileges are applied to new objects created in the specified schema. In this case, the user or user group that is the target of ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES must have CREATE privilege for the specified schema. Default privileges that are specific to a schema are added to existing global default privileges. By default, default privileges are applied globally to the entire database.
- `user` (String) The name of the user to which the specified default privileges are applied.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
