---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "redshift_user Resource - terraform-provider-redshift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Amazon Redshift user accounts can only be created and dropped by a database superuser. Users are authenticated when they login to Amazon Redshift. They can own databases and database objects (for example, tables) and can grant privileges on those objects to users, groups, and schemas to control who has access to which object. Users with CREATE DATABASE rights can create databases and grant privileges to those databases. Superusers have database ownership privileges for all databases.
---

# redshift_user (Resource)

Amazon Redshift user accounts can only be created and dropped by a database superuser. Users are authenticated when they login to Amazon Redshift. They can own databases and database objects (for example, tables) and can grant privileges on those objects to users, groups, and schemas to control who has access to which object. Users with CREATE DATABASE rights can create databases and grant privileges to those databases. Superusers have database ownership privileges for all databases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "redshift_user" "user" {
  name      = "UserName"
  password  = "secret password"
  superuser = true
}

resource "redshift_user" "user_with_unrestricted_syslog" {
  name          = "user_syslog"
  syslog_access = "UNRESTRICTED"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the user account to create. The user name can't be `PUBLIC`.

### Optional

- `connection_limit` (Number) The maximum number of database connections the user is permitted to have open concurrently. The limit isn't enforced for superusers.
- `create_database` (Boolean) Allows the user to create new databases. By default user can't create new databases.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Sets the user's password. Users can change their own passwords, unless the password is disabled. To disable password, omit this parameter or set it to `null`. Can also be a hashed password rather than the plaintext password. Please refer to the Redshift [CREATE USER documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_CREATE_USER.html) for information on creating a password hash.
- `session_timeout` (Number) The maximum time in seconds that a session remains inactive or idle. The range is 60 seconds (one minute) to 1,728,000 seconds (20 days). If no session timeout is set for the user, the cluster setting applies.
- `superuser` (Boolean) Determine whether the user is a superuser with all database privileges.
- `syslog_access` (String) A clause that specifies the level of access that the user has to the Amazon Redshift system tables and views. If `RESTRICTED` (default) is specified, the user can see only the rows generated by that user in user-visible system tables and views. If `UNRESTRICTED` is specified, the user can see all rows in user-visible system tables and views, including rows generated by another user. `UNRESTRICTED` doesn't give a regular user access to superuser-visible tables. Only superusers can see superuser-visible tables.
- `valid_until` (String) Sets a date and time after which the user's password is no longer valid. By default the password has no time limit.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import user with usesysid: SELECT usesysid FROM pg_user_info WHERE usename = 'mememe'

terraform import redshift_user.mememe 123
```
